That can't be called a kiss.
Okay, I was bad at it.
Yes, exactly.
This is...
how you kiss.
Do you get it now?
Or...
should we do it more?
I want to do it more.
Ji Ho?
Your phone's ringing.
Hey, Ji Ho.
Ji Ho.
- Your phone. - Yes.
Yes, Mom. What is it?
What do you mean? Where did you two go?
- Why aren't you back? - Where do you think?
We're at the beach.
What would we do at the beach? We're looking at the water.
Yes. Okay.
We'll come now. Bye.
Shall we go back?
Yes.
I think you sounded too angry with your mother.
Me? When?
My voice gets louder when I talk in my accent.
When I was in university, my friends would ask me...
why I'm so mad when I talk to my mom on the phone.
I guess that makes sense.
From what I noticed today, the people here...
change lax consonants into an aspirated consonant...
or a hard consonant.
For example, "I'll do it" sounds like "I'll do it".
Then, "I'm going to do it" to "I'm going to do it".
Did you analyze it already?
Yes. I need to understand in order to make kimchi.
Right. I noticed that they say "pretty" like this.
When did you catch that?
Did the ladies make fun of you and call you pretty?
No.
Not me. You.
They asked me...
if I think you're pretty.
Let's go. She'll call you again.
What was that?
He didn't finish his sentence.
We'll get going then.
Also, thank you for the kimchi.
Sure. Always...
be careful of cars, people,
and wars.
If anything happens,
come here right away. Okay?
If a war breaks out, Seoul will be the first to go.
Don't delay your time there,
- and come right down. - You better go.
You have work tomorrow.
Hey, where is your son-in-law going?
Yes, we have to go home now.
Go back in. They're busy.
You're not the only one. I'm busy too.
If you want to leave, you have to have this drink.
If you don't, you can't go.
No, I'm okay. I'll have to stop drinking.
Did you just say no to a drink from an adult?
Here. Happy?
That wasn't for you.
Listen.
If you bother my husband again,
I'll put...
your son-in-law...
in a liquor jug.
Got that?
I didn't bother him.
Just go inside!
We're going.
- Bye. - Okay.
- Take care. - We'll drive them.
- We'll be back. - Okay.
- Bye, Ji Ho. - Bye.
It's been a while since you stood up to that uncle.
Why? Did something like this happen before?
Yes. Long time ago,
there was a stray dog Ji Ho used to look after.
Then that uncle took it away to have it.
What? Don't tell me he was going to eat the dog.
That's exactly why.
And then what?
What do you think? Ji Ho...
took his cultivator to the quayside and turned on the engine.
She threatened him to release the dog.
Ji Ho.
You're awesome.
That's such an old story.
If my sister gives her heart to something, it lasts forever.
You'll be tied down forever, Se Hee.
Watch where you're driving.
I got it.
Thank you and take care of yourself.
- Go. - Okay.
Take care.
Thank you. Bye.
- Bye. - Bye.
Shall we get going, my babies?
What's wrong?
I think Ji Ho and Se Hee are a little strange.
What is?
They look...
naive.
They're newlyweds. Of course they look like that.
No, it's not like that.
It feels like when we were just starting to date.
What are you talking about? They're already married.
Let's go, I'm cold.
A married couple would never make faces like that.
My seat is here.
- You're in the back, right? - Yes.
I'm over there.
Should I ask the person next to you...
if they could switch seats?
No.
It'd be best to just sit where we're assigned.
I think asking to switch seats might be...
bad manners to someone else.
It may seem like nothing, but it's hard to say no.
Okay. Now that I think about it, you're right.
In dramas and movies that filled my childhood,
kissing represented a happy ending.
However,
I now understand why the kiss...
had to be the ending.
(To my everything and my love Se Hee)
The real story starts after it.
(Visitor)
(Take care and live well. But don't fall in love again.)
(You don't deserve to.)
And people...
don't want to watch the truth.
The real story...
could be painful...
and dark.
A kiss or a marriage...
doesn't mean it's a happy ending in real life.
The drama between that man and I only just begun.
And...
my desires...
only just begun too.
This is trouble.
All of my romantic cells inside of me...
woke up.
(Because This Is My First Desire)
- Hello. - Hello.
Are you just coming home when it's morning?
We went to my parents'.
You should go in.
- Take care. - Bye.
How have you been?
We came back pretty fast, right?
You should have slept over.
You haven't visited them in a while.
No, I have work too.
Bok Nam switched shifts for me.
You should get some sleep even if it's just a few hours.
Okay.
I had fun making kimchi.
The beach too.
Yes. Me too.
You should go in first.
No, you go ahead.
No, I should see you go in.
Okay, then.
Now that I think about it,
we don't have a proper picture together.
(Husband)
Are you sleeping?
No. Not yet.
I have something to ask you.
Why did you do that?
Why would you ask him?
When the ladies asked you if you thought I was pretty,
what did you say?
I told them that I think you're pretty.
I wish we could sleep together...
in one bed.
Why? What's wrong with me?
I'm disgusting.
I'm going to work. Heat up the soup before you eat it.
Here. Where are you going?
To the zoo.
You have to answer in a full sentence.
I'm going to the zoo.
Thank you.
- Thank her. - Thank you.
There comes the car.
Let's go.
- Hello. - Hello.
- Hello. - Have a great day.
- I'll see you later. - See you.
- Listen to your teacher. - Bye.
- Have a good day. - Bye.
Don't cry.
Have fun today.
(Won Seok)
- Hello? - Are you on your way to work?
Yes, I'm on a bus.
You work only in the morning today, right?
Yes.
Where should we meet later today?
The play starts at 7pm.
I'll see you at Daehangno around that time.
Okay, I'll see you later.
Ho Rang.
Yes?
I love you.
Well... Me too.
I love you too.
Bye.
It's not comfortable at all.
And they all look ugly.
Goodness.
(Customized underwear)
Okay.
How did you wear a bra all along? It must've been so uncomfortable.
I didn't wear it half of the time.
Strangely, my underarm felt so uncomfortable whenever I wore it.
It's because your chest shape is different from others.
- Really? - Yes.
All faces are shaped differently and so are the breasts.
Their sizes and where they're located.
Whether they're wide or narrow is slightly different too.
But people don't know well about it.
They just push them in a bra if it's the right size.
No wonder it's not comfortable.
I guess quite a lot of people come here for customized underwear.
Yes.
I do this only as a side job after marriage.
But they visit me somehow.
Right.
You have a lot of information too.
Well, how about you make data with these...
and create bras...
according to different breast shapes?
Data?
Yes. For example,
bras for pigeon chest, flat chest, and saggy chest.
Categorize your products...
and recommend the right type of bras that fits customers.
Then they can choose the type and make a purchase right away online...
without having to visit all the way here.
I don't know much about that kind of stuff.
I just want to make use of the skills I learned before marriage.
And I love to make bras myself for each customer...
after talking with them in person.
That's why I'm doing this.
Sorry, it was too materialistic of me.
No, you said it for my sake.
It's because I'm not good at doing business.
Oh, how much is it?
It's 250 dollars.
What?
Se Hee.
I fell asleep for a while.
What are you doing here? It's a weekend.
I came to get massaged.
You went to make kimchi to Ji Ho's house yesterday, right?
Yes.
I didn't think this would be solved by applying pain-relief patches.
What are you doing here on a weekend?
For a massage?
No, I'm going on a date...
and just stopping by here for work.
I see. Enjoy your date.
Thanks.
Well, Se Hee.
You love Ji Ho very much, don't you?
That's...
Nothing. I shouldn't have asked you that.
Then enjoy your massage.
Do you want to...
have some coffee with me?
Is your marriage plan...
not working great?
I don't know.
I'm not sure if it's my marriage plan or relationship with her...
that's not going great.
Or if it's my love.
I guess you're having arguments often.
We've always argued often.
We yelled at each other on a street once.
We threw a back rib at each other at a restaurant once too.
We've fought like martial arts players for the last seven years.
But now...
Do you know how we are these days?
We don't argue.
We're aware that we're thinking very differently,
but we don't argue.
- Because if we do... - It might be irreversible.
Right.
Actually, Ji Ho and I...
didn't get married out of love.
It was just that...
everything matched our interests.
That's why we decided to get married.
Because we didn't feel uncomfortable with each other.
But after then...
Did you grow to have feelings for her?
Yes.
I realized through this marriage...
that my heart...
allows there to be room...
when I find myself at peace.
So love and marriage are separate matters.
That's not my point.
I'm saying you need to be honest to each other.
Humans are selfish beings to begin with.
And marriage is one of the systems...
in which their selfish desire shows up most clearly.
Desire?
Se Hee, I don't have such desire.
I simply like to see Ho Rang smile.
I want to make her happy.
And most of all, I can't live...
without her.
We all know that, so we can't be any more honest.
"I..."
"like to see you smile."
"I want to make you happy."
"I can't live without you."
What you just said...
all starts...
with you as the subject.
Your sentences don't start with the other person.
Well, then.
Enjoy your date.
By the way,
what do people do...
on a date these days?
What's going on?
What?
It's so dirty.
This table is unacceptably dirty.
Where have you been?
I went to the custom underwear shop.
Oh, I remember you told me about that.
That's cool. Should I try there too?
Isn't it expensive though?
It's really expensive.
Show me your breasts.
What?
What am I showing you?
- The online business? - Yes.
If there's a way people can figure out the type of their shapes,
the custom underwear will be popular among people. Don't you agree?
That's true. I don't see why not.
Are you thinking of doing it?
How can I do that? I have my work already.
It sounds interesting. So I might just do it for fun.
I can give my materials to the designer too.
Why don't you do it?
You've always wanted to run your own business.
Why don't you just do it when you have an idea like now?
How can I quit such a job?
It is very frustrating, but they do pay me the most in the industry.
And...
you know my life isn't solely mine.
I...
My life is pretty different from yours.
I'm sorry. I just...
I just saw your eyes sparkling while you talked about it.
That's why I said so.
Were they?
Yes.
Was it like your eyes when you talk about your landlord?
What does that have to do with it?
I'm seriously curious about something.
Don't you want to do it with him?
- What do I do with him? - It's a guy you like.
You guys are living together.
Is your body okay?
He's right in the next room. Don't you want it?
I don't want it. What do you mean?
Why would I feel that way?
I don't know what you are talking about.
Really? That's interesting.
Is it because you've never dated anyone yet?
Is it because you don't know anything?
But you still need to be careful, Ji Ho.
Don't get physically close to him if you don't want to sleep with him.
- Why not? - What do you mean?
Do you not remember my first boyfriend back in college?
Do you mean the one who only held your hand for six months?
Yes. I was even depressed then.
He just didn't do anything more than that.
So, if you don't want to go further and further,
don't even think about starting anything.
The first desire is the biggest one.
Especially when you've never dated anyone.
It's like opening the Pandora's box. Do you get it?
That's right.
There's something I didn't take into account...
for this contractual marriage.
I went to the girls' middle school and high school,
Look at that.
and I have never dated anyone back in college.
I'm single since birth.
That's me.
And I'm living with a guy I like.
- I did it! - Awesome! I knew it!
- Wow. How are you so good? - And he's the one...
who opened the Pandora's box of mine.
How are you so good at it? Is it not your first time?
The beginners are always the fearless ones...
because they know nothing.
I know. They surely are.
How many times am I thinking about that kiss a day? How stupid!
Do you have a headache?
I'm fine.
What are you doing here?
I dropped by the office and came here in case.
I thought you were done with work by now.
It's going to be the weekend soon. Do you want to do anything?
What I want to do?
I want to...
Yes.
Do you want to do anything?
No, I don't. I don't want anything.
There's nothing I want.
Then,
do you want to do what I want to do?
Why don't we go see that?
Okay.
[VIU Ver] E12 Because This is My First Life
"Because This Is My First Desire"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Cats can choose to only remember...
things that are important to them.
They can just forget things easily that are not pleasant to them.
That's the reason why I like cats.
- What about you, Ji Ho? - What?
Do you like any animals?
Animals?
I like snails.
Snails?
Yes, I like snails.
They always have homes.
That's true.
They are born in them.
That's a new interpretation.
Do you want to do that?
What? What do you want now?
I'm talking about that.
I see.
You just want to be in love
- Ho Rang. - You are here.
We have a lot of time.
We do.
Do you want me to carry your bag?
No, it's okay.
That guy's really bad at that.
- Ji Ho. - Oh, hey.
- Oh, you are seeing a play, right? - Yes.
Why is he playing that? It's so not like him.
I don't know too. He suddenly wanted to play it.
Oh, it's part of a date.
- What? - He asked me earlier...
what people do during their dates.
So I told him a few.
A date?
- He's so lousy. - Goodness.
I can do better than that.
I want to try more for 10 dollars.
- He must be rich. - He's playing again?
That's unbelievable.
Can I try it this time?
Sure. Go ahead.
- That's amazing. - She's good.
(My Honey Sang Goo)
How could you play that for 20 dollars?
Did you want to have that doll that much?
This is yours.
Is it?
Yes.
That's why I picked a snail instead of a cat.
You carry it since it's yours.
Can't you just carry it for me? It's kind of heavy.
- And this too. - What again? My hands are full.
You have to carry it since it's yours.
The person you're reaching...
Why isn't she picking up her phone?
I'm sorry for keeping you waiting.
Hey.
I'm so sorry.
I didn't know how fast time went because I was working.
Why did you turn off your phone?
Did you call me?
I left it at home.
So why did you stop me from going to your house?
Why are you so stubborn?
I'm sorry.
Are you not wearing your bra today?
No.
I'm wearing my bra, but not my underwear.
Are you really doing this?
Are you serious?
You can check it out yourself.
Soo Ji, you punk.
If that's true, you're in big trouble.
It's getting cold, so you should wear your underwear!
Okay, let me take a look.
Come here!
I have to see if you're lying!
What's that? You carry your own dryer?
Yes, the ones here are weak. I'm used to mine.
So why do you have to go through this when we can meet at home?
You won't have to carry this around.
Seriously. What kind of a boyfriend never visits his girlfriend's home?
Why do we have to do this here when there's home?
Give me that. I'll dry it for you.
I'm an expert at this.
Do it properly.
I am doing it properly. It's your hair. Look.
Is it a wig?
It's pretty.
Is it?
Yes.
It's really pretty.
But why are you giving me this all of a sudden?
I've been thinking,
and I realized I've never given you a gift.
I didn't even give you a ring when we got married.
That's why I wanted to...
give you something.
I know it's ordinary and boring, but I wanted to do what others do.
Giving you such gifts.
I see.
Is that why you wanted to have
an ordinary and boring date that others do?
Like today?
Well...
I heard you asked Won Seok...
how people date these days.
Yes. I realized...
that you and I have some age gap...
that I didn't know what young people like you do on dates.
I know.
You're quite older than I thought.
You were born in 1980.
That means you were in middle school...
when I started my elementary school.
When I was in my middle school,
you were serving in military.
Well, that's not exactly true.
It was...
just my duty.
Okay.
That's why I also asked...
Mr. Ma.
I asked where I should go for a date with someone old like you.
I heard you came here often when you were in college.
I did.
Aren't you going to order?
What would you like to drink?
I'll have this.
I have to go to the washroom.
I'll order it for you.
I'll go and try this on.
Sure.
How adorable of him.
Thank you.
Let me help you.
I'll give you a hand.
I got it.
Thank you.
It's pretty.
I'm sorry.
It's just that I can see the sky well from this seat.
Excuse me.
Goodbye.
Bye.
It's not ready yet?
That suits you.
Right?
Ho Rang, Ji Ho's husband is quite funny isn't he?
How could he do exactly as I told him to?
I know. They looked cute together.
Should we have played that since it's been a long time?
No, it's a waste of money.
Right?
Dolls only take up space.
We ordered too much today too.
Mother bought this for me as a gift for getting a job.
She did?
What did you two talk about?
Well, she said...
You need to be more honest to each other.
Humans are only selfish beings,
and marriage is one of the systems...
that clearly show that side of a human.
Ho Rang.
Could you wait...
- Yes? - some more until we get married?
For how long?
About five years.
- Five years? - Yes.
I think it's going to take that long.
Won Seok, I'll turn 35 after 5 years.
Are you saying we should date for 12 years?
Ho Rang.
Do you want to rest at home if you're tired?
It's okay. You said you reserved it.
(Finding Kim Jong Min)
Let's go.
What's this?
Didn't you reserve for "Finding Kim Jong Wook"?
"Finding Kim Jong Wook?"
Isn't it "Finding Kim Jong Min"?
I didn't know...
there was "Finding Kim Jong Wook".
That's no big deal. I can cancel it and reserve "Finding Kim Jong Wook".
Don't bother. There won't be any tickets left anyway.
Let's just see this.
Have you seen Kim Jong Min?
I heard someone saw him here.
I guess you don't know.
Someone was looking for me?
Where is she? Where did she go?
I guess I came too late again.
Ho Rang, what's wrong with you? Are you insane?
Marry me!
I want to get married already, you fool!
But I still don't get what marriage is all about.
Are marriage and love...
the same thing?
How long is it going to take for me to find her?
It'd be better to be prepared...
even if we're going to get married two years later.
When will I be able to meet him again?
Ho Rang, what are you saying?
How can we get married in two years?
Could you wait some more?
About five years.
Won Seok, I'll turn 35 after 5 years.
Are you saying we should date for 12 years?
How come...
we always miss each other?
Go ahead and wash first.
Pardon?
I should wash first?
Yes.
Since I washed first yesterday,
you should wash first today.
Oh, I guess that's what you meant.
Yes. What's wrong?
Do you have something to tell me?
No.
No, there's nothing else.
What you told me meant to wash up first, not anything else.
You can wash first.
I need to remove my makeup too.
Did you put on a makeup?
Yes. Why do you ask?
Nothing. I thought you don't wear makeup.
You look the same with or without it.
What? You must be kidding. I am wearing makeup.
What was that?
He makes my heart flutter at strange timings.
But until when is that all there will be?
I'm not into platonic love, you old fool.
It's pretty.
What's wrong with me?
Am I insane?
How could I be charmed by a woman?
Am I a pervert?
I'll take you home.
No, thanks.
I want to take you home.
You know underground parking lots are really dangerous.
You're being weirdly stubborn.
Do you have any desire to get married?
Married?
Never.
- Never? - Yes.
Do you ever want to get married?
I'm not into it either.
But then...
I'll do it if I get a chance to marry someone.
But then, having meals together, going grocery shopping together,
arguing with each other, and sharing each other's lives...
don't sound too bad.
That's why I won't get married.
How can I sleep with someone whom I share my pathetic life with?
It'll only break the fantasy.
What?
Marriage is the tomb of a romantic relationship.
It puts an end to their sexual life.
Think about it. How can a man and woman...
sleep together after arguing over their loans and in-laws?
- Am I wrong? - Soo Ji.
That's how people live.
They argue like crazy, but they comfort each other too.
Everyone lives that way.
I don't want to do what everyone else does.
My life is full of trouble as is.
I know very well about my place.
I don't intend to ruin someone else's life as well.
("If You're Having a Sexless Life, Your Health Is in Danger")
Right.
(Firstly, you have insomnia. Secondly, you become sensitive.)
Definitely,
I'm sexually frustrated.
This is bad.
Thanks for the book.
I borrowed it without knowing it was your memories.
I'm sorry.
How will you go home? By bus?
No, I'll take a subway.
I would give you a ride if I didn't have work.
Gosh. No, thank you, Ms. Woo.
I mean, if you feel that bad,
let me have some coffee at your house.
Let's be honest. How can you not even think of...
serving me a cup of coffee when I came all the way here?
So it wasn't out of pure intention.
You're slier than I expected.
I'm not sly. I just want to have...
a glimpse of my girlfriend's house.
I'm curious what your room will smell like.
I'm curious to see your pajamas.
And yes, I'm curious about your dirty toilet.
Why are you curious about such things?
I just can't understand.
I simply want to share each other's daily lives with you.
Go before the subway stops running.
I need to go back to work.
Oh, right. Do you want me to give you some kimchi?
- Ji Ho gave me some. - No, thanks. I quit eating kimchi.
What are you doing over there?
Hey, don't you think your mom's a bit strange?
Did she hide gold in her house or something?
(From: My Love)
Hey, don't you think your mom's a bit strange?
Did she hide gold in her house or something?
(From: My Love)
What are you doing? Let's go.
Okay.
- Go home safely and text me. - Okay.
The doors are closing.
- Soo Ji. - Yes?
Are your friends coming over to your house by any chance?
No.
No one's coming at this hour. They're all busy.
I see.
What? Is it about coffee again?
I'm tired.
I want to take a rest alone at home, okay?
Bye.
The doors are closing.
First of all, we can only meet outside,
whether it's a weekday or not.
Second of all, never ask each other about private lives.
Give me that.
That's mine.
I'm sorry.
I remember most of those men whom I slept with.
I said I wanted to sleep with you, not date.
I was just fooling around with you...
because I wanted to sleep with someone.
Marriage? I'd never get married.
You're out.
(Don't ever love someone. You don't have the right to love.)
It's cold. Why are you outside?
I went to a market to buy some ingredients and make soup.
It's cold. Let's go inside, Mom.
You're not skipping meals, are you?
I haven't had dinner yet so I can have it with you.
"Meeting someone in life is..."
"actually something astonishing."
"That's because..."
"he brings himself with..."
"his past, his present,"
"and his future."
Let's go.
Ho Rang.
Yes?
What is it?
Let's break up.
"That's because someone's whole life..."
"comes along."
(Don't ever love someone. You don't have the right to love.)
Jung Min.
I took my things out.
You can just take yours.
I'm...
I'm sorry. Let me explain everything.
- Dad called me... - Don't say...
anything about your dad to me.
Don't tell me...
anything about...
your family.
Can we...
please talk about it?
Don't say...
"Us" to me.
I don't want you to be happy.
(Don't ever love someone. You don't have the right to love.)
As you told me,
I wasn't happy for a while.
I didn't love anyone for a while.
But today,
briefly,
I was happy.
Briefly,
I forgot about everything.
Do you want to watch it with me?
I do...
adore this woman.
What she thinks is...
cute.
However...
Goodnight.
Yes.
At the same time,
I'm afraid of myself.
I'm scared of myself...
for hurting someone...
again.
But...
Now...
Do you want to...
sleep with me...
tonight?
I want to be happy.
(Because This Is My First Life)
Was it uncomfortable for you?
If you love someone, there are more things you should care about.
I like that relationship.
A CEO from a production company came to see me today.
Did you hear anything about her since then?
Is this how you being with someone...
invading the part of my life that I don't want to show you?
I want to make a good story that I can share.
I experienced something similar to marriage.
He and I have an understanding.